Tic Tac Toe

User types:
Player:
-Able to create account
-View online users 
-View users statistics: skill level, left game early, rude in chat etc…
-Join/Leave game 
	- Allow leaving a game whenever. If no one is around, and the player is already in a game with AI do we notify through global 		chat when someone is online? (Xin) 
-Choose opponent: AI/Human (if no human online auto choose AI)
-Chat with opponent?

Admin:
-Same as Player class 
-Able to delete/add/modify player account

Challenges:
Where is AI going to reside?

Possible JS using Min-Max algorithm. 
Levels of difficulty could be achieved by having heuristic be random or n-1?

How to implement human vs human game?	

Option 1:
Each game will have DB table with current game state 
Game state should have:
Turn (Player 1 or 2)
Tile states (tuple (x,y))
Time between turns. (After what time do we forfeit game?)

Accessing DB:
(JQuery)Ajax and PHP: 
When it is current users turn: allow user to click or use keypad to set tile.
When not current users turn: disable access to game
JQuery will poll database every n milliseconds for updated game state (how fast do we do this not to overload server but have decent reaction time? Need to test this to be sure)


Chat:
-Using database table for each game
-Global chat? Global and local?
	-Global chat is good to see who's around? Depending on how we set it up? (Xin)

OTHER IDEAS IF THERE IS TIME:
Check if user is active or not.
If user closes window or minimizes tab set database field and alert other user.
If user inactive for n milliseconds, forfeit game and set database

Game complexity
Allow N * N game, meaning N tiles vertical and N horizontal 
// If we do this, then is still called tic tac toe?  
	// Yes, there are 4*4, 5*5 …  games already out. 
We would need to define our own rules then.
	// We could use same rules as original game. First to have N in vertical, horizontal or diagonal wins. 	In addition we could add rules that make the game more interesting/harder. 
	-I prefer this to be a stretch goal. (Xin)
Allow N number of players 
Allow N humans + AI

Sounds:
Play sounds on win/loose

animations: 
Make animations for the X and O
Animation for crossing the winner X or O
Adobe might be helpful here. I think there's something that can animate. I'm not sure how well it'll intergrate for us. I do have an Adobe CC account. Let me see if I can look into it. (Xin)


Login:
Allow Facebook, Google account creation/login via api. 
	-I think it's best to choose one. I have see this in another project, but it took a long time to do. (Xin)

GUI:
-Sketches? 
I'll see if I can pull up a sketch in Adobe. It can generate CSS. This might go well with the animation. I'm not super proficient at it yet. But anything can be learned with time right? (Xin)

ANY OTHER IDEAS? 
FEEL FREE TO ADD, DELETE OR MODEFY ANY PART OF THIS TEXT 



THANKS.
